Florida feeds the nation, but nobody feeds
me and that's what I wanna talk to you about.
Mr. Hammer... Another thing,
take our cattle raising.
I don't mean anything personal. But
here is the ideal cattle raising section.
We have longhorns, shorthorns
and shoehorns.
Mr. Hammer, will you let me
say something, please?
I hardly think so, and there's something
else I wanna bring to your mind.
Where will you be when you're 65?
That's only about three months from now.
If I were to buy, I should prefer
someplace like Palm Beach.
Palm Beach? The Atlantic City of
yesterday? The slums of tomorrow?
Do you know that the population of
Cocoanut Beach has doubled in the past week?